My piece is titled "The Fake Bean Library". The original inspiration for the piece was from personal experience. Recently, I received a notifiction from Google Chrome telling me that 75 of my accounts were compromised as my email-password combinations were found in various data leaks online. As a result, I had go through all the important sites and start changing my password. For the most important ones I let Google Chrome or iOS choose my password for me using a long random string. For others, I did whatever came to mind first. This included things like duplicating the last letter, adding an exclamation mark, adding another number etc. The issue is that while my specific password was no longer known to those people who found my previous one online, it would take a computer all of 2 seconds to successfully guess my new one using rudementary strategies. It could even have been guessed by a clever human in a few tries. What I did was not at all secure. My family uses one Amazon account in order to save money on prime. A few months ago we changed our password to include another number in a sequence. Yet, we recently found out that someone has purchasing various items and online content using our account. This not only means we had to go through the headache of reaching out to Amazon, but that this individual now knew where we all lived and other personal information on each of us. This was scary. That level of fear is what I needed to change my password habits and so I want viewers of my art to experience a similar fear. 

The piece starts by showing the viewer a fairly modern website. It is designed to trick a user using two fundamentally flawed reasonings for trusting a website. First, it is designed to be pretty modern. Second, the content is seemingly harmless and trendy -- a coffee bean curation site. The purpose is to have the user not only be resultingly worried about their passwords, but question why they might be more likely to trust a website just because it is designed well and sells something they want. All the time we go on new websites and create accounts in order to see content or order something new and most poeple never wonder whether its safe to trust that specific website with information they likely reuse across other, more important platforms.